this is a recall frenching the bones
this is a double chop of deer when frenching
the bones the idea is you're exposing the bones
for aesthetics and the side benefit when we clean
it up we can use the meat in between the bones
in another way like for grinding for sausage meat
uh when we decide how where do we french here here
here or here one way is chefs usually do from the
first first digit of the thumb up from the bone my
training was whatever the eye the size is the same
amount for balance going back to the full rack
when you're frenching a full rack you would notch
one side notch the other and then join them up
so for this one I'm going to do the double so
about here and scoring it right down to the bone
making a little incision between the bones and now
the job is to remove the bone the meat from the
bone to make a cleaner bone so holding it up going
down one side holding it and going up the other
going down one side remember this
is normally done with a full rack
or a chop and here we have again the meat that
we can use for grinding from between the bones
using the base of my knife scraping the bones
you can just kind of make it make
it a little bit easier I'm breaking
the bit of wrapping around
the bowl for easy access and
you're going to be scraping them
down to make them super clean
when you get a certain point where it's loosened
you can take a clean cloth and then pull it off
here we have a beautiful double bone deer chop
super expensive probably one of the most expensive
cuts on the animal next to the loin or equivalent
you can see there's hardly any fat so of course
dry method cooking for this nice high heat
very nutritious amazing color the bones are
frenched nice and clean and there we have it